addresses some typos and rephrasing (#49)
theQRL/theqrl.org: _roadmap/08-powtesnet.md

complete: true
---

> PoW public testnet is released to the public.

Reviewer: ❌
```suggestion
Proof of work public testnet is released to the public.
```
